## `cyclic?`

Consider a linked list. Each link in the list holds a `next` reference
to the next item in the list, except for the final link, which points
to `nil`.

It is possible to have a "list" without any end, which loops back on
itself. Possibilities:

```
A -> B -> C -> A -> ...
A -> B -> C -> B -> ...
```

Write a method `cyclic?(first_link)`, which will return true if a list
is cyclic. Your first version may use `O(n)` memory. Next, write a
version which uses `O(1)` memory; you'll probably need a different
approach.

```
def cyclic1?(first_link)
  set = Set.new

  current_link = first_link
  until current_link.nil?
    # if list is cyclic, must loop back on itself eventually
    return true if set.include?(current_link)
    set << current_link

    current_link = current_link.next
  end

  false
end

def cyclic2?(first_link)
  slow_runner = first_link
  fast_runner = first_link

  while true
    slow_runner = slow_runner.next

    2.times do
      fast_runner = fast_runner.next
      # end of the chain means no loop
      return false if fast_runner.nil?
      return true if fast_runner == slow_runner
    end
  end
end
```

**Given two singly-linked lists of (possibly) differing lengths that converge at some point, find the node at which they converge.**

Imagine two runners, running at the same speed across the linked lists. If one list is longer than the other, the shorter list's runner will reach the end first. The difference between the two runners' times is the difference in length between the two lists. Knowing this, we can give one runner a head-start of a distance equivalent to the difference in length between the two lists. Then traversing both lists at equal speed will result in the two runners colliding at the intersection point.

**There are four dogs each at the corner of a unit square. Each of the dogs starts chasing the dog in the clockwise direction. They all run at the same speed and continuously change their direction accordingly so that they are always heading straight towards the other dog. How long does it take for the dogs to catch each other and where does it happen?**

Since all the dogs move in symmetry, the only logical answer to the location of their meeting is the center of the square.
At any point in time, dog A is perpendicular to dog B and B perpendicular to C and so on. Dog A moves towards dog B but dog B does not move towards or away from dog A since it is moving perpendicular to dog A. Therefore, the distance that dog A needs to cover to reach dog B is the same as the original distance between them, one unit.
The speed of each of the dog towards the dog it is chasing is given by (1 + cos(t)) where t is the angle on each corner of the square.
Speed of dog = 1 + cos(90) = 1 + 0 = 1
Time needed = Distance/Speed = 1 / 1 = 1 unit.
